reorganize readme (#232)
flatironinstitute/stan-playground: README.md

Author: Okay I have now squashed the two together. I'll merge, but feel free to edit if that paragraph can be improved.

> This project is based on [stan-web-demo](https://github.com/WardBrian/stan-web-demo) which shows how to use [TinyStan](https://github.com/WardBrian/tinystan) to build a WebAssembly version of a Stan model that can be executed in the browser. While stan-web-demo focuses on integrating a specific Stan model into a website—essentially "baking" the model into the web environment—stan-playground is designed for a broader purpose. It offers a flexible platform for experimenting with and exploring various Stan models. This makes it ideal for users looking to test different statistical models and hypotheses directly in their browser, without the commitment to a single model implementation.

Author: I moved it to notes.

Forum post: [Stan Playground: Stan without installing Stan](https://discourse.mc-stan.org/t/stan-playground-stan-without-installing-stan/37085)

## Preparing links to existing models or projects

> In addition to the built-in sharing feature which integrates with [Github Gists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists), you can also manually prepare links which will pre-populate each portion of Stan Playground when clicked by using [URL Parameters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stan Playground offers a built-in sharing feature which integrates with [Github Gists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists). This makes it easy to share your work with collaborators, students, forum users, and many other audiences.

Additionally, you can also prepare links which will pre-populate each portion of Stan Playground when clicked by using [URL Parameters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#parameters). For more information, see [URL Parameters](./docs/url_parameters.md),
```

Reviewer: We haven't mentioned the gists yet, and since they're probably easier, I think it'd be good to direct them there first.
